look at that beautiful wanna hook it up
there are they I wouldn't miss this for
the world I many reindeer we have about
150 I minute after you expected I many
Oh about 80 can you tell me I long to
them suckle for the babies so command
during this time in three weeks only
suckling only using mother's milk I
cannot stand while and being born on the
snow on the floor and it's so cold this
court that this is typical and now
whether it's rather good because coat
that no rain it is import that no
raining so what is the Rangers accounts
if cough cough a vet they can die if it
is very cold and windy but it's very
important to the weather's just write
down for this yes the team get all the
information about the reindeer by
keeping really detailed records about
every car that's born here right what's
going to happen now is mica it's going
to put this baby calf in the bag to why
it that's the first thing we got to do
first so the way the calves
how big a big five point three kilograms
5.3 kilogram yes very right okay so good
yes and also we used DNA test because we
like to know who is father of this car
all the father oh yes yeah okay okay no
very good so that gives you all your
information and no yes yes condition and
DNA DNA test oh yes hey because lots of
the calves are killed by predators they
also fit radial colors so that they can
keep track of all of them the red others
they are very big problem we have brown
bear we have Wolverines we have all the
walls and they all kill also reindeer
car on their big bear obvious
in my arms no i'm holding a newborn
reindeer card it's hard to believe this
was born only last night it was only a
few hours old and what a beautiful sight
to see one of these things in the day
Here I am in the Lapland I can't believe
it really
mum's right behind me just waiting for
me to let it go I shan't hold it too
long it's beautiful isn't day mom's
coming
oh no what beautiful and that's
wonderful
look at
Oh